Nothing is more expensive than bad information.
Know the source, oneradionetwork.com.
- Well, welcome to hour two or part two
or whatever you wanna call it,
of our little show here we do virtually every morning,
except for maybe Thursdays or so,
on oneradionetwork.com.
My name is Patrick Timpone,
and on the third Monday of the month,
second part of the show,
we have Dr. Ray Peat on PhD,
and you'll meet him in just a second.
Let me just give a quick little plug
what's gonna happen tomorrow.
Christine Northrup is going to be on the show.
She's really an interesting lady.
I think you're going to enjoy her.
Paul Ryder and Brandon Smith on Wednesday,
and they're both into the geopolitical, financial world,
and I think you're gonna find both of them
well worth listening to.
So that's coming up Wednesday.
Probably somebody else during this week too.
Dr. Jennifer Daniels next week,
Richard Mayberry next week.
A lot of cool things coming up.
We're gonna have a 4th of July special with Jack Graham,
and he's gonna tell you some things
about the Declaration of Independence
that you said, "Whoa,"
or the revolution, and that's not possible.
So that's all coming up.
So join us now,
and please just use the email this morning.
For some reason,
for some reason, we just can't get the 800 number
to be working this morning,
so we'll work on that, have it for you tomorrow.
Ray Peat, a PhD, University of Oregon.
He specialized in physiology.
He started his work on hormones way back 50 years ago.
I was getting out of the military, or in the military,
and Ray Peat was working on hormones in 1968.
He wrote his dissertation
with outlining the ideas on progesterone and hormones,
so he's been at it for a very long time.
And as I said, on the third Monday of every month,
Dr. Ray Peat is with us, and he's right here.
Good morning, sir, how are you?
- Good morning, very well.
- Well, you sound very well.
How do you spend most of your days these days?
- Reading, a little pending.
- I'm sorry, the last--
- Mostly just reading, but occasionally painting some.
- Painting, too, huh?
And what kind of things do you read?
- Oh, most recently, I was reading about a trial in Spain,
the murder of the six Jesuits
and their housekeeper and her daughter.
After 31 years, they're finally bringing the vice,
vice-minister, I think it is, of defense to trial in Spain
for murdering their priest.
- So you just go for things that are just interesting to you,
not necessarily always in the health realm.
- No, no, I try to keep up a little bit on the news.
- So you sent me your last newsletter, thanks for that,
and you're saying that your argument of this,
and I'm just gonna read the first line,
as in I read it with Dr. Massey,
is a failure of energy metabolism
limits the ability of cells to return
from an excited active state to a stable resting state.
An unresolved excitation causes cells to emit signals
indicating the need for repair, inflammatory signals.
Pre-existing inflammation is associated
with high altitude sickness
and the ability to get sick from the coronavirus
as well as chronic diseases.
This implies that treatment
for a so-called coronavirus infection
should be to reduce cellular excitation and inflammation
and normalize energy production.
It also implies that these treatments
will have favorable effects on cell aging.
So Dr. Massey was talking earlier,
and I wonder if this ties in.
So is it possible that the lungs and the cells
were doing something in response to the body's fear
or angst or anything or?
- Yeah, the emotions, a person, for example,
a sick person or an extremely old and frail person
will often lose control of their emotions
and have exaggerated intensity of emotions.
That's because the emotional system
is stabilized in a young person
so that they can experience something very upsetting
and within hours or at most maybe a few days,
they'll be all the way back to normal.
But if a person's health is a little borderline,
fairly moderate emotional shock
can linger for weeks and weeks
like post-traumatic stress disorder.
A very tough person can go through the same experience
without the brain consequences.
- So I see, so as the organism is stronger,
it's easier to deal with the emotions that come up
and then let them go and move on.
I see.
So you're saying that this is,
but this is about the lungs as well.
What's the connection there with the lung?
- The brain is just an extreme example
of what's going on in every kind of cell.
The idea of excitation and recovery,
you see it in the nerve as an electrical
and chemical change in which you disturb the nerve
and it goes into an extreme metabolically intense process
and then as it builds up its ATP again,
it goes back to the resting state
and is ready for another stimulus.
Exactly that same thing happens
in secretory cells, for example.
You irritate it and it'll give a burst of secretion
and then if there's energy and oxygen,
sugar being supplied,
it'll quickly recover its ability to secrete again.
The lung surface cells, for example,
some of them are secreting mucus,
others secrete various smaller molecules,
but everything is metabolically active
and irritation intensifies that activity
and energy helps it return to its ready to work
resting state.
- So is it possible that folks who maybe
were sheltered in place and going through stress
and being kind of confined,
that when they are quote unquote allowed
to get back out, that the body could be healing,
which could demonstrate symptoms
that they're actually sick?
- Oh, oh, for sure.
Especially if they've lost their job or their business
while being shut down.
It's the bigger consequences.
For some people it's believing what Fauci and Gates
are telling them and believing that there's really
a special pandemic going on this year or something.
Radically different from last year.
- Is it your research and opinion then
that the body then does show symptoms
when it's actually getting healing
rather than being sick with inflammation and such?
- If you're really strong and healthy,
you can heal a slight wound without inflammation
like a healthy fetus.
For example, a surgeon takes a sample of tissue
and if the mother is healthy,
the wound will heal without inflammation
and without leaving a scar.
And a very healthy young person
will take a wound that'll close right up
without making a big sore inflamed area.
It just sort of relaxes back into place
and starts closing up the wound.
- So it's the idea then, the stronger and stronger we are,
the more we can do without being sore,
like exercising and stuff like that.
If we haven't for a while,
the body's gonna react more severely and more.
- Yeah.
For example, an old person who suddenly decides to do--
- Exercise.
- Weight lifting or whatever
will probably have lingering symptoms
for three or four days
where a young person would be sore overnight
maybe but be entirely back in a day or so.
- Dr. Ray Peat is with us and you can get that newsletter.
And it's raypeetnewsletter, right?
At gmail.com?
- At gmail.com.
- Yeah, and Patrick Timpona here with you.
And as I said, the 800 numbers are off
so just do the email thing right now,
patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
As you know, Dr. Peat, more and more states
are now reporting more cases
and they use that term, of course, cases.
And I guess they're tying it into the idea
that if you are tested and you're positive,
then you are a case, right?
So they're reporting more cases.
And the governor of Florida came out and said,
"Well, yeah, we are, but we're testing 30,000 people a day."
So he's kind of catching on to this idea.
Can you explain to us this test that they're doing?
Can you really help us understand
exactly what it is testing and what it is not?
- Well, even the Centers for Disease Control
didn't know what they were testing.
They were mixing the numbers for both kinds,
both major types of tests together.
So it was ridiculous.
People on the staff and professors were shocked
when they learned that the numbers didn't mean anything
because they were mixing two totally different types of tests
that one showed the presence of the virus,
the other showed immunity to the virus.
So the government itself has been probably deliberately
covering up, blurring,
essentially destroying meaningful information.
- So the test today that is being given,
and they have this swab thing and even drive-thrus
and lots of people are doing it,
are they, is it possible that they can actually show
a virus that is COVID-19 that is separate
from other kind of stuff in the body?
Can they really, can they do that?
- To a certain extent, it can show.
Some, sometimes it can be right,
but it's often a false positive.
Junk, junk will sometimes cause the reaction.
- So junk or antibodies and things like that
actually shows up as an actual virus?
- Well, other pieces of RNA can get amplified
and the presence of a certain stretch of RNA
is older, amplifying and measuring
with the polymerase chain reaction test.
And if they find the presence of the virus,
the fact that somewhere between 35 and 80% of people
can have the virus present and no symptoms at all.
So what does it mean if they find the virus present?
It can be just a few stray viruses
that might be stuck somewhere or not,
since as many as 80% of the people don't have any symptoms
when they have the virus.
The presence of a positive test usually is meaningless.
Usually it means that they're simply not reacting
to a virus, so it isn't a pathogen.
- So if there's a corona COVID, what's the correct term?
Is it COVID-19, that's the actual virus that they claim?
- Yeah.
- So, okay, so if this test can show a COVID-19
in the PCR tests they're giving in some cases,
then that means that that exists.
I mean, it must exist then, right, somewhere.
- Yeah, they argue that it is the number 19
rather than last year's, right?
Or some, there are so many of them
and they're changing so often that you don't really
know for sure what the test was standardized on.
- I see, so what you're saying, I hear you say
it could show up some kind of a corona-type viruses
and there's a lot of them, but we don't know
that much about it, if it's very special,
where it came from, is it communicable?
- Yeah, these people who make, they get a sample
that they declare to be the real thing.
- Right.
- And then you really have to test the test
to see whether what it's finding is meaningful.
- Yes, sir.
- But they just haven't done any big testing.
The FDA rushed them into use without testing the test.
So you can show that over and over,
it will truly reflect the standard you have in the lab.
Yes, it's amplifying that and has a very high reliability
for that known virus, but when you go out
and test it on people without standardizing the test,
you don't know how much, how sensitive it is
to discriminating against junk RNA.
- I see, how long would it take, in your opinion,
to do that correctly?
- Several months, probably thousands of people
would have to be tested, doing multiple tests
when you get a positive and examining them more carefully
to see what the positive consists of, for example.
You should have to test, examine,
looking for other coronaviruses.
If you find other coronavirus positives
in the person who tested positive for COVID-19,
then that weakens the meaning of your test.
If you aren't testing for other related things,
how do you know for sure what you have found?
- So all of these different flu and cold viruses,
my understanding, they are a corona genre type virus.
There's a lot of them?
- Yeah, the coronavirus has been known
to cause colds for decades.
- So there's no evidence, then,
that whatever this COVID-19 is that they've called
is any different or stronger or unique?
Is there any evidence?
- Very, very little evidence.
The best evidence, the Stanford professors,
about three months ago, were getting different ways
of looking at existing evidence
and studies on people in California
and looking at the cruise ship that was infected.
Both of those approaches showed that it was very similar
to the standard flu pathogenicity,
and possibly less, but in the vicinity
of a fraction of 1% mortality of those infected,
which is in the range of the annual flu viruses.
- Dr. Rapide, is it possible
that whatever these PCR tests are seeing
that they're claiming is a unique coronavirus
could be being produced by the body,
an endosome or an exosome has been argued?
- Oh, our DNA is full of stuff
that looks like RNA viruses.
Some people say that it's half of our DNA,
which is about twice as much DNA as we need
for our genes that construct all of us.
So there is this mysterious, dark, non-genetic DNA,
which gives signs of being related to the RNA viruses.
And so it's very possible that stored
in this immense amount of DNA,
that there are already some overlapping bits of RNA.
When you're under stress, we put out exosomes,
and they're in the same size range
and structural composition of this type of virus,
very similar under the microscope,
little round particles that are synthesized
in a certain part of the cell
and stream out of the cell being secreted in the blood.
But under stress, these are repair particles.
Injured cells will send signals,
for example, to the bone marrow,
and the bone marrow will manufacture exosome material
containing RNA and DNA and proteins
that help to repair the injured cells
in other parts of the body.
The stem cell system is largely regulated
through these exosomes and internal communication system.
And so the stress that turns those on
happens to be the stress that the viruses use
to activate their own synthesis and secretion.
- So is it possible then that stress or poisons
or other insults on the body could be producing an exosome
that looks just like a virus
and is being identified as a virus?
- Yeah, the important thing is that
if the official government-approved researchers
won't even look at this gigantic part of our DNA system,
they're going to question whether we already have
some very similar coronavirus-type RNA
in our reservoir of genetic information,
which will come out under stress.
If you don't look at it, you'll never find it.
- So is it possible that people under stress,
having to wear a mask, having to stay home,
losing their job, worried about their finances
and their family could be creating these exosomes
that could be shown up then as a virus?
- Any stress can increase your exosome manufacture,
but it's a fairly small industry to study
of the exosome system.
The basic problem is that it was denied
as contrary to the basic dogma of genetics
and molecular biology.
It's the epigenetic system.
RNA viruses were said to be impossible
because of the dogma that says information
goes only from DNA to RNA to protein.
And so for a virus to contain only RNA,
but to get into our DNA went in the wrong direction.
So the whole thing required about,
well, 50 years ago it started,
but the scientific community gradually adapted
to accept that RNA viruses are a real thing,
but seeing the whole genome,
the whole DNA content of cells,
seeing that as active and functional,
that's the hard part.
They just prefer not to get involved in that,
especially as it relates to immunity
because it opens up the area of doubt
about a million fold.
- Doubt for the germ theory vaccines and pharmaceuticals.
- Yeah, basically the antibody vaccine theory
would totally melt away into nothing
if people started looking at the actual immune system.
- Wow, so Dr. Rapey, then was this what Pasteur was arguing,
that there are RNA things out there,
viruses that are separate from us and can attack us?
I mean, that was his premise, right?
- Yeah, there are things out there,
but the dogma says that they originated separately
and what the evidence looks like
is that these circulating viruses,
probably since they can't evolve,
they can't exist except in a higher organism.
You can't evolve a lower thing like a virus
if its existence depends on a mammal, for example.
You can't conceive of it coming into existence de novo,
so you have to see it as a product of a higher organism.
We or other organisms under stress create exosomes.
Some of these get emitted into the environment
and they spread information between organisms.
The way bacteria, if one bacterium is exposed
to an antibiotic, it can produce a little particle,
a bacteria equivalent of an exosome,
having the genes which make it able
to resist the antibiotic
and it will approach another bacterium
of a different strain even, or even a different species.
There's evidence that this particle can be transmitted
across a fair genetic difference.
So one bacterium sends out a little tube
connecting it to another bacterium that wasn't exposed
and passes this particle of genetic information
and the other bacterium can then integrate it
and reproduce and all of its descendants
will be immune to antibiotic.
So if bacteria can do it,
it's only the genetic dogma of one-way information
that makes people resistant to looking
at the transmission of these particles
between organisms.
So if you're around stress organisms,
this approach would say you're at risk
of catching their stress.
- So let's see, so say a husband is stressed
and creates exosomes and starts the process
of healing, I suspect, then the wife
could experience the same thing because?
He's gonna teach her body, help her body
to learn how to become immune from this thing.
- Yeah, the basic principle would probably be
like the bacteria, the bacteria adapted
and passed its adaptation onto its neighbors
and the mechanism as far as it exists
in plants and animals would be to pass
these useful repair units onto other members
of the family.
- Yes, so that could be possible
than just a kind of a God, whatever you wanna call it,
evolutionary process to make the species stronger.
Everybody's helping everybody to get stronger,
essentially, is what I hear you saying.
- Yeah, yeah, there have been people
making good arguments for this among plants
in particular, going back 50, 60 years.
- So do we always have to feel symptoms,
flu-like headache or whatever,
when we take on one of these little repair guys
to get stronger, do we have to feel bad?
- No, not at all.
- Oh, okay.
- The fact that they're finding positive RNA evidence
of the virus in people who don't have any symptoms at all,
maybe 80% of the people don't feel anything from it,
so it's being passed on and probably integrated
and creating better immunity, 80% of the people.
But if you have a sick, stressed, unhappy,
malnourished population, they are going
to have trouble adapting.
- Okay, so there will be some people that will die,
or could die, right, because they're just sick
or compromised in preconditions and the rest of it.
- Yeah, that would be the 1/10 to 1/4 of 1% infected.
- Yeah, what's happening, because of age and preconditions.
That's that's--
- Yeah, in Spain, or Italy,
the mortality of men is 70%,
about almost three times greater mortality,
but it's especially old men and young women.
The only young women that were dying
were very, very sick individuals,
menstruating women of ordinary health
were extremely resistant to the infection.
- Is there any evidence that the mortality rate
of this particular virus or this particular flu season
is any more severe than others, other years?
- Not really, these figures suggest
that it's a fairly typical year for mortality.
A few people have been watching a very odd thing
in the CDC figures.
Starting last fall, we were noticing
a very unhistorical decline
in the total national mortality, a dip.
People just weren't dying of anything
as often as they should.
Old age or accidents or whatever normally kill people.
There was a great drop in mortality.
Week after week, and 15% in many weeks through the winter.
And suddenly, in the first week of April,
the people who had been missing
from the national mortality,
suddenly there was this spike in excess mortality.
If you somehow had a block
between the reporting of the deaths starting last fall
and the recording of them in the CDC,
and then suddenly you broke the barrier
to recording these deaths,
that could account for this huge spike in excess mortality
because there had been a buildup
of deficient mortality for weeks.
- So this whole idea of the so-called second wave,
what would you expect, just knowing what you,
understand how this works,
if people start to come out of their shelter in place,
take off their mask, and don't do the six feet and all that,
could we expect to see symptomatics being,
you know, whatever they mean, more?
And then if people get tested more,
the numbers could theoretically, quote, get worse, unquote.
Possible?
- Yeah, I think that's what's happening.
- That's what's happening.
- They're confusing the result of testing more.
They're saying, look, we're catching a lot of infections.
That means it's increasing,
but people don't necessarily get sick
when they have the virus in them.
So you shouldn't be looking at anything except who is sick.
- Yeah, and so in your opinion,
who is running the show here on a big picture
coming up with this story?
Is it the WHO and the CDC?
And who's involved in this, do you have any idea?
- Both of them.
They're tightly integrated with the pharmaceutical industry.
They are now just another agency
controlled by not only the pharmaceutical industry,
but if you look at what happened last fall
in the Federal Reserve System,
they started putting out that $6 trillion
into the economy last fall
before anyone was talking about a virus at all.
And then there was historically
a big wave of resignations of CEOs
of the biggest corporations late last fall,
long before the stock market crash.
So they had inside news.
I saw a video in which Bill Gates was saying,
"We were totally unprepared.
"We weren't anticipating this at all.
"We need to do better
"and be anticipating further waves of infection."
But he was one of the motivators of a program
to model and create a play
of how they would respond to it.
They had leaders of industry and finance
and the health systems pharmaceutical industry
get together last October
and anticipate how they would respond to a pandemic
caused by a coronavirus imported into the United States.
So it was all sketched out
that they would have a dramatic new way
of responding to a pandemic.
And a pandemic isn't necessarily a big thing.
There can be an international wave of cold.
Doesn't mean it's going to be anything deadly
or very harmful.
- Are you speaking of the 2001 thing that they had?
- Event 201.
- Yeah, Event 201, that was sponsored by the Gates.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, very interesting.
Dr. Ray Peat is with us,
Patrick Timpone on Radionetwork.com.
He's here on the third Monday at around 10.30.
Started a few minutes late.
Stay right there, Dr. Peat.
We're gonna do a quick break
and then we're gonna dig into your emails.
Over 7 trillion right now on the Fed's balance sheet.
So that's about, oh, I think 3 trillion or so
treasury bonds that have been purchased
by the private Federal Reserve Bank
in the last three or four months.
We're gonna be speaking more about this
with Brandon Smith of AltFinance.com.
Very interesting fellow.
He's gonna be on 11 o'clock on Wednesday.
So we'll keep you abreast of this.
And then just so you know,
there's about 3 trillion more that have been going out
through the Fed, through the back door,
without being on their balance sheet,
going through hedge funds like BlackRock
and things like that.
So this stuff is all out there if you look for it.
And so we try to keep you updated.
Well, it's a big challenge to living on planet Earth
with cell phones, Wi-Fis and stuff.
We don't recommend you have a Wi-Fi in your home,
but we do what we can.
I know your kids and you probably like to sit on the couch
and play with your phone and say you like Wi-Fi,
but don't do that.
So if you do do that, something like this will help you.
And this will help you even if you don't have Wi-Fi.
Previously, we talked with Brandon Amelani
about his Blue Shield product
to protect against EMFs in your home.
- The more connected we are,
the more electromagnetic radiation we're gonna have.
So years ago, I'd play with Q-Links
and just anything I can get my hands on
that whether I felt it working or not,
I just wanted some kind of leverage
against electromagnetic radiation and those frequencies
and how they affect the cellular biology.
But then when I met Mark
and started really getting deep to his technology
and really looking at the microprocessing technology,
I've never found any EMF company
that would not only to test on
not only human blood and urine analysis,
but also on animals,
which totally weeds out the idea of placebo effect.
I mean, the fact that you can plug these devices
into a chicken farm, a factory farm,
for about 15,000 laying hens,
and all of a sudden the mortality rate,
which is averages from 60 to 150 deaths per month
goes down to zero.
I mean, it's pretty profound that a little device,
a little energy device could actually like
create such a harmony and balance within the environment
to where claustrophobic chickens
that are crammed in together actually get along better
and actually feel better.
And the biological markers are improved
over that one year study.
- There's quite a bit of science
with this Blue Shield product.
You can see the ad on the front page.
Promo code OneRadio gets you a 10% discount.
This works on the cells in the body.
Very cool technology.
Front page, BlueShieldOneRadioNetwork.com.
You betcha.
Don't forget we have colostrum on sale.
Right now it's a big sale.
Any Survival Link colostrum,
and you're going to use the promo code.
Pick it up again here quickly.
Mouse, help me out here.
We are immune.
W-E-R, immune.
Any Survival Link on OneRadioNetwork.com.
Just put that in there, you're gonna get 20% off
on all colostrum products on Survival.
That's a pretty cool thing.
And if you'd like to get into some probiotics,
we have a great probiotic line.
Check out Richard Ulrey here.
Dr. Richard Ulrey, authority on minerals,
talks about gut bacteria, making the vitamins,
and absorbing the minerals.
How it all works.
We need vitamins from our gut bacteria
so we can absorb minerals,
and then minerals provide a resonant frequency.
And those minerals carry these frequencies into the body,
and multiple minerals will give you a frequency
that allows all of our proteins
to have individual distinct frequencies,
giving that three-dimensional structure.
This is where Wayne's products, Living Stream,
and that's the only primary products I carry.
When you do a stool test,
and it says you don't have any bifalbacteria,
well, if you don't have any bifalbacteria,
you're not going to absorb certain minerals.
If you don't have any lactobacillus,
- Here's an idea of a couple of the Living Streams
you can take for what we're talking about here.
Bifido, Living Streams Multi-Blend,
and the living minerals.
So we get in the minerals, the bifido,
and the lactobacillus.
And these special probiotics and minerals
are all in human DNA form,
and they are living alive.
In our store on oneradionetwork.com.
We've added two new products to our offerings
that we're very excited about.
And one is the AquaTrue,
AquaTrue Top of the Counter Reverse Osmosis System.
If you're watching on Facebook and YouTube,
you'll see that, but you'll see it on the front page.
And it's really good one.
We've seen the lab analysis,
and man, it cleans it all out, everything.
It's like a distiller on the top of it,
but it's reverse osmosis.
But it's a very nice design
where it's on the top of the counter.
We really like that.
And then check it out.
They have payment plans that are just terrific.
You just have, just with reasonable, reasonable credit,
you can just get a quick little thing here
where you do 12 monthly payments at zero interest.
Isn't that cool?
And then you can also do three monthly payments.
So these are really interesting.
I know many of you have been wanting
to try to find a more affordable reverse osmosis system.
And you just keep the filters changed,
and you'll be good to go.
It's called the AquaTrue,
and it's on the front page of One Radio Network.
Click on there, and you can pay it.
And I think the whole price is 3.29, something like that.
For the whole deal, you can do that straight away,
or you can do monthly payments,
either three payments at 99.99.66,
and then, or 12 monthly payments.
So good stuff that we're finding.
And these are nice units.
I think you're gonna enjoy them.
And it's, you know, it'd be better than buying,
you know, a lot of bottled water and stuff like that.
I mean, it's really nice water, and it's very important.
The AquaCure, AquaTrue, on oneradionetwork.com.
- Know the source, One Radio Network.
- Dr. Ray Peat, who's been at this health investigative
and game for 50 years now.
You had your PhD 50 years ago, Doc.
- I'm, actually, it was in 1972.
- Oh, '72. - Yeah.
- Wow, 40 years ago, yeah.
What did you, when you were back there doing your PhD
and the whole hormone thing,
what was your kind of vision of where you,
did you have an idea of where you wanted to go
with all of this back there 40 years ago?
- Oh, yeah.
In 1970, I sketched out about five ideas
that I thought might be acceptable to the establishment
in the next 10 or 20, at most, by the end of the century.
And one of those, I wrote up, sent to a journal,
and it was published, Gilbert Ling was the editor
of that journal, published in 1971.
And I was sure that those ideas,
that there was so much movement in that direction,
I thought they would be the standard by the 1990s.
And it's true that the supporting evidence
has been very heavy in that direction.
But the power from the pharmaceutical industry
to return to the 1950 paradigm of how the body works
is so great that despite all of the movement in physics,
chemistry, and cell physiology,
the investment in medical school,
advertising, product promotion, and so on,
has been able to blot that out,
stigmatize the actual facts,
so that the dogma is now riding so far above the evidence
that you see the journals reacting to the COVID problem
in a basically insane way.
I scanned through the PubMed what the journals were saying
about nitric oxide, for example.
There's overwhelming recommendation in the journals
to treat COVID by having the person breathe nitric oxide
or take drugs that will increase its production.
Pulmonary hypertension has been actually treated
by giving them sildenafil,
what's the male erection drug called,
to create more nitric oxide as a treatment
for lung problems.
But in fact, inflammation anywhere,
especially in the lungs, creates more nitric oxide.
Nitric oxide creates inflammation and tissue damage.
And people who are susceptible to lung disease,
for example, the people before they go to a high altitude,
the ones who are going to get altitude sickness
with COVID-like symptoms in their lungs,
these people are already at sea level
exhaling more nitric oxide than normal.
And as they ascend, the nitric oxide increases
and develops into pulmonary respiratory problems,
edema of the lungs.
So they take some mechanical dogma
promoted by drug salesmen,
saying that this is how the drug works
and that it will kill viruses, for example.
So it's appropriate.
But it means that they're recommending the harmful things.
At the same time, they're denying,
like Lancet immediately came out with a journal article
saying do not give a treatment
that would be appropriate for high altitude pulmonary edema.
Don't use Losartan, for example.
And when all of this proves to be
absolutely 180 degrees false,
they'll just blindly go on and say,
well, that never happened.
We always recommended anti-inflammatory things
and treating the symptoms and so on.
- In simplistic terms, in '71,
when you submitted this article to Gilbert Ling,
what was the basic differences,
what you were saying, how the body works
and what the AMA and the rest were saying?
- For example, that the cell is structured
all the way down to the atomic level.
Water is organized in the healthy living state
and the disorganization of the cell,
starting with the water, can be measured.
You can see the precancerous conditions
by measuring the water.
And you can see the effect of aging, stress,
estrogen excess as changes in the water structure.
In the animal, it'll happen half of a lifespan
away from the terminal state,
but you can see it coming
if you look at the fine structure of the cell,
especially the water.
- So what Pollack and other people are arguing,
Dr. Pollack, the water structure
inside our body is important.
- Oh yeah.
- Yeah, wow.
- It's the idea that the cell energy exists
in the form of structure.
- Structure.
And there is evidence that 5G
and other electromagnetic fields disrupts
the structure of the water in the body.
- Yeah, in 1968, just before I went to start graduate school,
I visited a lab in Russia, Yuri Holodov,
who had been studying electromagnetic
and magnetic fields effects on cell water, cell structure.
And he gave me a great list of studies
that had already been done.
And those just generally weren't available
and were totally unknown in US science.
- And what year was this?
- '68.
- '68, this was pre-cell phones.
He was talking about what kind of electrical forces.
- He was using all sorts of direct,
steady magnetic fields,
but the worst are particular frequencies
that the cell resonates to.
- Has there ever been any studies with cell phones
or cell phone towers and Wi-Fi's
tying all this in together?
- Oh, yeah, lots of studies,
but the proportion of them focusing
on how it acts on water structure,
it's still very small.
- Are most of the studies they've done
with the potential ill effects of cell phones
are just simply the heat that comes out of these?
Is that correct?
- That was the main line story,
starting back in 1940s and '50s
when sailors were being melted
by getting in front of a radar.
The scientific response was it's all the heat,
and that has gone on all through the last century,
claiming that there is no effect other than heat.
And so if the energy level is too small
to heat the cell,
that then there's nothing else it can do.
That ignores the fact all radiation interacts with matter
with a sort of an antenna effect.
An antenna for radio or television
is stretching a conductor out through space,
so it absorbs long wave energy
and allows it to be directed to your detector.
But x-rays and ultraviolet and so on,
molecular electronic resonance within a molecule
or inside an atom,
it's still the principle of an antenna.
The wavelength relating to the structure
that is organized will act on that structure
and excite it, change its chemical properties and so on.
And if you deny that there is any meaningful structure
between the molecular size and the whole cell size,
then you are deliberately blinding yourself
to all of these antenna effects
that relate to frequencies that can resonate
with all of the size ranges
between a molecule and a cell or an organ.
In studies with monkeys and rats,
they found that the wavelength equivalent
to the size of the brain or the capsule around any organ
is more toxic than wavelengths.
For example, if you have a wavelength
that's an inch long or three inches long,
the inch long will affect glands of that size.
For example, the gonads, the one that's three inches long
will affect the brain more than the gonads.
And the same principle applies
to all of the levels downward,
especially all of the levels of organization
inside the cell.
- So you're saying that if the basic structure
is denied by the science,
then are you saying they'll never get to the truth
of the effects of VMFs?
- Yeah, part of that denial is to say
that everything that happens inside the cell
is like the reactions that would happen in a test tube.
It's molecules in solution simply,
and it's the membrane that acts like the test tube.
All of standard biochemistry is committed to this dogma
that if you grind up a cell
and put it in a test tube with a watery solution,
you can infer anything that happens in the test tube
to what happens in the cell
because it's all a matter of randomness in solution,
even though you grind up the cell
and destroy the life of the cell,
which is what you were trying to study.
- You're painting the picture,
if we are allowing this dogma
to control the science behind all of the EMFs,
it doesn't really paint a very favorable picture
for consumers to ever have this technology get fixed
or slowed down or stopped.
- Yeah, and people just have to start seeing
that the science that's used as a marketing tool
to say it's all safe, don't study it anymore,
it applies to actually every part
of the medical pharmaceutical industries
because they're all denying
the meaning of structure in the cell.
- Oh, including the AMA?
- Oh yeah.
- The structure of the cell.
So how did you get onto this so early on?
What was your awakening moment?
- Gradually, political, listening to politicians
and discovering that they're all lying almost all the time
made me suspicious of,
especially when politics and medicine get connected.
I started listening for the lies
and saw that not only medicine, but basic science,
they don't want any questions asked about their assumptions.
I spoke to a few famous biochemists
and asked them if they didn't think
that it would be better to use techniques
that studied biochemistry and biophysics inside cells
rather than squashing the cell,
putting it in a test tube.
And they just laughed and scoffed
and what a ridiculous idea.
- Dr. Ray Peters with his PhD.
We're gonna dig back and get some leftovers from last month.
And I'm sorry we get behind
because it's so fascinating talking with this man.
Here is an email, Dr. Peat.
It was about, they wanted to know about the time off,
progestease as in a natural cycle
when ingested or rub on the gums.
And he said, which he did answer,
but I did want to know if time off is also necessary
if it is used only by rubbing into skin
and also if that would be the same for male.
- Oh, it's when you're using big doses
that you feel systemically.
That's where the liver becomes more and more active
at excreting it when you're getting these big doses
on the level of a normal menstrual cycle.
And after two weeks of using it,
your liver is throwing it off quickly.
So it would only keep rising if you became pregnant.
And that means that if you are not pregnant
and have to keep dosing it,
that the dose would have to increase
in proportion to the liver's activity.
So to make it more efficient,
laying off for a week or two lets your liver reset
so that you're not excreting it so fast.
But if you're just using it for a topical effect,
for like a sprain or a burn or something,
your local effect is not gonna be harmed.
- Here's an email from Rose.
She said, "I've been on Synthroid for 30 years.
"And because of the current virus,
"I've been starting to take my temperature
"in about 96 1/2 to 97 1/2.
"What can I do to cause my thyroid
"to function more normally?"
She wants to get her temperature up.
- The conversion especially happens mostly in the liver,
but in each tissue that needs energy,
it requires glucose and selenium to do the conversion.
And women, by having a higher estrogen production,
automatically have a weaker thyroid function systemically.
That's why women have about five times
the rate of thyroid problems
because the estrogen affects the liver and the thyroid.
- And then she wants to know
how she could get her thyroid to make,
you know, to be just better.
- Sometimes selenium or getting more sugar in the diet,
like orange juice, more frequently,
sometimes that will get the conversion going.
But sometimes a few doses of progesterone
can shift the balance,
activating the thyroid gland and liver,
which will then tend to stabilize your blood sugar
so that the glucose is available
for doing the conversion of T4 to T3.
- All right, interesting.
Mark wants to know,
"What do I take for a cold sore and what causes them?"
- Oh, it's almost always a herpes virus.
And the stress, systemic stress,
pituitary activation is behind the nerve.
It's the same thing.
Your energy dips and lets the nerve get excited.
And the excitation of the nerve gives the virus a chance
to reproduce and travel out to the skin.
And so basically keeping your thyroid hormone up
so that your blood sugar is stable
and doesn't let your nerves go into these stress states
of prolonged excitation.
And then topically, aspirin.
Well, systemically, aspirin is antiviral
as well as anti-inflammatory.
So it can reduce the number of outbreaks
as well as minimizing the extent of the damage.
But putting a concentrated solution of aspirin and alcohol,
for example, on the outbreak is a safe way
to reduce the growth of the sore and spreading.
- So many people have talked about over the years
how this little herpes thing doesn't really want
to ever go away and it keeps popping back up under stress.
Is there something unique with this virus
that seems to be, I guess, everywhere?
Isn't it that it wants to hang out
and doesn't want to stay more dormant?
- I think it's just the stressfulness of society.
Not very good diet, electromagnetic stress
in the background all the time.
- And it just seems to be one of the ones
that pop out more frequently.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, for whatever reason.
Here is an email from Eric.
He's in Finland, good for Finland.
I have heard that as much as 10,000 I use of vitamin E
during a pandemic and otherwise a daily basis.
So what does Dr. Peat think about this?
Oh, 5,000 every day, but 10,000 during a pandemic
of vitamin E.
- Vitamin D.
- I'm sorry, vitamin, oh D, vitamin D.
- Yeah, it overlaps with progesterone
in its cell protective stabilizing actions.
And it's been recognized as improving immunity
against viruses, but it's working
on the same energy stabilizing system.
It's being considered one of the neuro steroids
along with progesterone for brain protective effect.
- Just a reminder on One Radio Network
and all of our guests, we don't give any kind
of medical advice, we're not qualified.
We just give ideas about a research
and do as thy will and take responsibility
for anything that you do in your life.
And we'd like to remind you that, Dr. Peat,
this is from Chris in Canada.
What could possibly cause sudden drop
in blood pressure to something like 79 over 59,
making the person's arms feel numb
and progressing to the rest of the body
just for a minute or two,
and then the blood pressure could return to normal.
What could possibly be causing that?
- Digestive things are sometimes behind it,
a surge of toxins from the intestine, for example.
I don't think any particular hormones
have been identified for those sudden sharp drops.
I think in the background, low thyroid people
are more likely to experience those,
similar to a person who's been squatting
for an hour or so standing up
will more likely experience a blacking out.
The blood pressure doesn't respond as quickly
if you have a background of low thyroid activity.
- So the getting dizzy, one, one is down,
that was said to be adrenal,
but you're suggesting that's a low thyroid.
- Yeah, the adrenals don't respond as quickly
when your thyroid is low.
- Here's another listener,
this one in Europe and Germany from Nuri.
"What's the physiological dosage," writes Nuri,
"of the T4 thyroid hormone?
"I take 175, but I still have hypothyroid symptoms
"and tend to have hyperadrenal function,
"which I block with propranolol."
Propranolol.
- T4 isn't the thyroid hormone.
It's a precursor to the active hormone.
And it's the same as with women,
several times more frequently than men.
But it can happen in men too,
that the conversion of many things,
such as a selenium deficient,
can make the liver and other tissues reluctant
to convert the T4 to the active hormone.
Prolonged stress hormones will tend to make it
go the wrong direction,
towards reverse T3 rather than active T3.
Getting a better diet,
but the simplest thing is to use a combination,
such as natural.
The traditional armor thyroid
was what thyroid treatment was based on
for the first 50 or 60 years.
And then the drug companies got involved
testing their T4 product on young male medical students,
healthy male young individuals.
And they said it worked just like the thyroid hormone,
just like the natural thing.
But it's exactly slightly older women
who they should have tested it on,
because you would have found that in women
in their 30s and 40s, for example,
just about as often as it improves things,
it makes things worse to take only thyroxine.
- I see.
So what if there are people that offer just,
I don't know, it's not desiccated,
I guess it's just beef thyroid from grass fed cows,
and that's what it is, somehow they dry it.
I mean, would you have to be careful taking that?
- The government required meat packers
to discard the thyroid gland starting in the early 1940s.
Before that, it had been included in sausages.
People living on farms would include the thyroid
in soups, sausages.
Their regular diet would include
maybe half a grain equivalent, 30 milligrams of gland,
if they were eating chicken or fish
or beef sausage regularly.
- So just to dry it up, thyroid,
these are from, I think, New Zealand.
Would that have all the good stuff that people wanted
and they could try this instead of the other,
you know, pharmaceutical stuff?
- Yeah, the thing is that Armour used to have
a standardized way of extracting the fat,
the fat and dehydrating it and testing the potency
on mice, every batch.
So every Armour thyroid pill was highly standardized
with biological testing.
And now none of that is done.
The preparation is very different.
And so you can hardly tell what to expect
when you take a natural thyroid product.
- I see, so early on, Armour, you were saying
were just doing similar to what you could actually
get online without a prescription.
It's just a beef--
- Yeah, some of them that are deep added
and dehydrated and pure stuff will be three times
as strong as the old Armour.
Very, very potent.
And others prepared in a different way will be so weak,
you hardly feel the effect if you take 150 milligrams of it.
- Very interesting.
This is from Thomas, he's in Sweden.
Boy, we have a European contingency.
Well, these are from last month.
I'm still working on last month's emails, God.
Let's see, it was quite a nightly problem with leg cramps.
And I was trying things like magnesium,
potassium supplements, and it would get really bad
if I had indulgence something sweet or salty in the evening.
Finally, I understood the best cure for this
was almost instantaneous was to limp over to the kitchen
and drink a big glass of water.
Now, I just wonder what could be the root cause of this
if the hydration could have fixed the problem?
- Possibly dehydration.
- It's just dehydration.
- Yeah, the pH of the blood changes
if you're suddenly dehydrated.
But milk is a very good bedtime snack
because it lowers several of the stress,
almost all of the stress hormones are lowered
by the content of milk.
- So the idea, that's where it comes from,
warm glass of milk before bed kind of works.
Dr. Peat, somebody wants to know about your soap.
Is there any natural soaps that are without proofers?
Do we get proofers by using soaps with proofers?
- By using what?
- By using soap with polyunsaturated fatty acids.
- Coconut and olive oils are the traditional best for soaps.
And the polyunsaturated fats
tend to make the soap go rancid quickly.
So that's why they've historically preferred coconut oil.
- Coconut oil.
- And olive oil.
- Do you think extra virgin,
or I think you had a favorite kind of coconut oil,
is a good thing for many people,
most, you use your words, to consume regularly,
like a big glob of it?
Is it good for us?
- If it's well refined.
Some people are very allergic to coconut,
so it's good to be cautious.
Even some refining doesn't get the,
if it has a fragrant coconut odor,
then you have to watch out for the allergens.
- But allergic reactions,
you're only a cautionary tale for coconut oil?
- Yeah, otherwise it's very safe,
and helps to oppose the toxic effects
of polyunsaturated fats.
- Oh, it's a counter to a poofus.
- Yeah. - Oh, that's great.
But you like to refine because of the allergic,
the allergy potential.
- Yeah. - Right.
- Some people will have a very strong asthma attack,
or hemorrhoids, or other symptoms from it.
- Here's an email from Mary.
Can Dr. Peat talk about the physiologic role
of norepinephrine and noreladrenaline?
Norelpinephrine and noreladrenaline.
- It's the norepinephrine, was that the first one?
- Yes, norelepinephrine and then noreladrenaline.
- They're the same thing.
- Same thing, okay.
- The nor is the type that nerves,
other than the adrenal glands, form,
but their effect is very similar.
- Here's a good one.
50-year-old woman, slightly overweight, menopausal.
I drink milk, OJ, collagen, and honey before bed.
I seem to wake up every day at 3 a.m., wide awake,
difficult to fall back to sleep.
Any thoughts?
- It's okay to just wake up and have a snack,
a glass of milk or orange juice.
As the liver gets inefficient from such things
as PUFA exposure, estrogen exposure,
hypothyroid, or other nutritional deficiencies,
it becomes less able to store glycogen enough
for the whole night.
- Hannah's also in Finland.
She says, "Can you give some advice
"on how to get rid of varicose veins?
"Is natural progesterone lotion useful?"
- Can help, but getting your estrogen under control,
the reason they so commonly develop during pregnancy
is not only the pressure on the veins and the pelvis,
but the estrogen stops the smooth muscle,
reduces the smooth muscle tone,
and progesterone activates a smooth muscle contraction.
So getting the ratio in your body systemically
in favor of progesterone is the important thing.
The veins are just a symptom.
Your whole body is experiencing an imbalance,
so your health will benefit.
If you have a blood test, for example,
and get your progesterone at least,
depending on your age,
but it should be a few times at least greater
than the estrogen level.
- Here's an interesting question.
This is from George.
He is in, I don't know where he is.
"When I have something with butter
"and a little maple syrup in the middle of the night,
"it really helps me to go back to sleep
"sometime for four or five hours.
"Could this be telling me about my body?"
That's a good question.
What could that be saying that George's body
is needing more of if he has butter and maple syrup?
- The maple syrup comes with some very good minerals,
a lot of potassium that helps the sugar work,
and the sugar is kept in your stomach and intestine
longer when there's butter with it.
- That's great.
Here's one for you.
"Are tamarinds and persimmons good and safe to eat?"
- Yes.
- Here's one for you.
"What are some natural foods and supplements
"that Dr. Peat has seen to be successful
"in restoring a full head of hair
"to a person experiencing what appears to be
"male pattern baldness?"
Okay.
Have you come up with some things over the years
that the guys have used to get back their old hair?
- It requires changing your whole course of health problems.
The hair loss tends to coincide with circulatory problems,
and behind the circulatory problems are metabolic problems.
So the things to work on are getting your vitamin D up,
your thyroid and progesterone and DHEA up,
and your cortisol and the other stress hormones,
aldosterone and parathyroid hormone are very destructive
to the hair follicle and blood vessels and heart.
And so if you change your metabolism,
lowering parathyroid hormone and aldosterone and cortisol
and all of the stress-related hormones,
including prolactin, that's going to save
your circulatory system as well as your hair.
- So along with everything else,
when we react to things in the world
and angst and stress and worry,
you can lose hair over that.
- Yeah.
- And at the same time, your whole health is suffering.
- Do we know the physiological phenomenon going on
with the gray and why some people gray early?
Is there any science behind that, do we know?
- Yeah, I've thought about it
and experimented with it quite a lot.
I started getting individual white eyebrows
when I was in my 40s, and I was thinking about
the melanin in the brain being deficient
in Parkinson's disease.
And thinking about what happens in that process,
I realized that an excessive iron competes against copper,
and copper is the enzyme that makes the dark pigment,
and too much iron will simply get in the way
and knock the copper out of your pigment enzymes.
And I didn't want to try just eating copper.
- Copper, right.
- I made a solution, put a penny, a real copper penny.
- A real copper penny, yeah.
- In a little bottle of water with an aspirin tablet
and about half a spoonful of vinegar.
So it had two acidic things to help the solvent.
So it was copper aspirinate and copper acetate
that I was using in the solution.
And I found, I put a drop of that on the white hair
and watched it closely.
They grow very, very fast.
The very next day, and very visibly on the second day,
I could see black pigment appearing at the root,
just essentially an instantaneous restoration
of pigment formation.
- Oh, that's pretty cool.
So you, go ahead, go ahead.
- I did that on several hairs
at different stages of their growth.
I would find one that was just starting out
with a white tip and applied the copper.
And the rest of it would, with just one application,
the remaining hair would come out pigmented.
- Did you ever do a lot of it
and do it on top of your head?
Do you have any?
- I, after that, I started getting white whiskers
on my cheeks and chin.
And I thought it would be a good test
to put it under my lip on a little tuft of white whiskers.
And by that time, the penny had been sitting
in the solution for months and was very blue.
And I had a burning sensation
and went to wash it off quickly and it kept burning.
So I kept dabbing it with water
and finally looked to see what had happened
that was caused that persistent stinging.
And rather than just finding a red area,
I found a brown, mole-like elevation
all around those white whiskers.
It had produced an instant mole,
in effect, elevated pigmented cells.
- Wow, you did a lot of pigmentation.
- Yeah, and changed the structure.
The cells had invaded the area.
And so I just watched it over a period of a month
that that had leveled out and disappeared.
But that got me interested in the phenomenon
of pigment cell migration in the skin.
And the cells, it turns out that pigment cells
can swim through the seemingly solid structure
of your skin.
They can travel almost an inch a day in warm weather
when your skin temperature is around 90 degrees.
They can migrate with amazing speed.
And I found that if I provided them
with the nutrients that they needed,
which included copper,
that they would, a mole would disperse or move and fade out,
go back to being a normal pigmented skin.
- So interesting.
So you did the copper, aspirin, and vinegar,
right, copper penny?
- Yeah, I found that on my sideburns,
only about 10% of the white hairs
reverted to black pigment formation after one application.
And I realized that's because our eyebrows
have a lifespan of only about a month.
Your facial hairs and head hairs live years.
Any one application is only going to affect
a small percentage that are in the right phase of growth.
- I wonder if there'd be a source of copper
you could experiment with
other than trying to find a pre-64 penny.
- Yeah, I decided the safest was just to eat more oysters.
- Oysters?
- Yeah, as a very strong source of copper.
- Ah, interesting, yeah.
You know, in Ayurvedic medicine,
they recommend folks put their water
in a copper vessel in the fridge
and drink some of that every day.
- Yeah, that's safe.
- That's pretty safe?
- Yeah, it's really fun. - Interesting.
Here is Cody in Vero Beach, Florida.
I have a question about vaccines.
Dr. Peat had discussed how some vaccines and adjuvants
more or less permanently alter our body,
being as they, that so many people,
even those born as early as 1950s,
have been subjected to vaccines and harmful adjuvants
since a young age.
Are those that had vaccines hopeless
and ever having true health?
Is the damage of the vaccine significant enough
at no amount of good diet, healthy life,
and metabolic energy can reverse?
- If you look at the inflammatory
and degenerative disease trend in young people,
starting with the great expansion of vaccination in America
in the late 1980s,
the increase of allergies in young people
and all of the inflammatory degenerative diseases,
there's a steady, sharp increase starting around that year
when the vaccine expansion happens.
So it's hard to explain this deterioration of health
otherwise, and it just makes it more urgent
that these people start doing as many things right
and to basically start being skeptical
about recommendations of the medical system.
- Here's some good questions for you
that have not been asked before.
We like new things.
It's always good.
Matthias, he says, does doctor believe in the zeitgeist
that proclaims homosexuals are born that way?
- Well, there are enough studies in animals
as well as people during a stress situation
such as famines, pregnancy subjected to extreme stress
will cause great changes in their sexual behavior
including the sexual preference.
- So it could be something that,
an idea and a feeling and a tendency
that could happen from birth that--
- Yeah, everything that happens to you during gestation
is shaping you, your whole system of mental functions,
emotions, physical shape, rate of metabolism, all of that.
- This just in, this would be a timely thing.
Go ahead and mentioned it.
Supreme Court out with a decision today,
landmark, which now features two new justices
appointed by President Trump,
gay, lesbian, bisexual, trans individuals
cannot legally be discriminated against by employees,
meaning they can't be fired nor hired
simply by being LGBTQ.
Just out this morning.
So that ties in with that.
And how does doctor feel about abortion?
Wow, they're really going after you this morning.
- Feel about what?
- Abortions.
What's your--
- It's best to control your conception.
But sometimes there's just not a system
for properly sustaining the pregnancy in a healthy way.
So it's never a good thing in any sense,
but avoiding worse things, I think it's a proper thing.
- Do you have any theories or thought about
when soul comes into the body?
- Oh, I think it's there before the body.
There's continuity of soul.
- In everything, right?
- Yeah.
- Here's another interesting one.
When you're looking back on your life
and reflecting what's the advice you would give someone
maybe 50 years younger than you.
So Dr. Peat, you've had your body, what, 83 years, right?
83?
Is that right?
So here's someone saying, okay, I'm 33.
What advice can you give me?
- Oh, stay alert.
(laughing)
This is the main thing.
Time, times are gonna get worse.
- Just stay aware of what's going on in the world.
- Yeah.
- Couple more, then we'll let you go.
Good questions this morning, thanks.
What does Dr. Peat think about a water filter
through a Berkey water filter?
I know it's not reverse osmosis.
A lot of credible people seem to like it.
Does it remove fluoride and other things?
- I don't know what that kind is.
- Yeah, it's just--
- Reverse osmosis is good.
- Yeah, I don't know about Berkey either,
but our pretty much is it.
Dr. Daniels has mentioned on Patrick's show
that sauerkraut's used for internal scoring.
Do you know about this and can suggest it
or add something else?
Internal scoring.
- What kind of juice?
- Sauerkraut, sauerkraut.
- Oh, I don't know.
The taste tastes nice.
If a person finds it pleasing,
the salt can be a protective,
a relaxing factor that I don't think
has any harmful effects.
- This is from JD.
Can Dr. Peat give me ideas on getting rid of ulcers?
What would you do to help somebody get rid of ulcers?
I suspect, I don't know,
they're talking about stomach ulcers, right?
So is there a connection between some kind of a bacteria,
what's it called?
- Yeah, the pylori.
- Pylori, yeah.
What do you know about stomach ulcers?
- The stress predisposes the stomach
to poor immunity.
A properly working digestive system is sterile
and that depends on a complete good nutrition
with good thyroid function
and getting a vigorous digestive process.
Lots of stomach, quick production of digestive fluids,
quick peristalsis, all of that
will keep your upper digestive tract completely sterile.
- Do you think the meme that's out there
that as we age, we lose stomach acid,
you think there's anything to that?
- Yeah, the stress hormones increase
and the energy hormones decrease with age.
Thyroid becomes less effective
because of anti-thyroid factors, inflammatory mediators.
The things that promote fibrosis and scarring
and atrophy and inflammation
all tend to increase with aging
and so all of the energizing anti-inflammatory things
offset the aging process.
- So could that be a tie-in with people
who are not busy and whatever, family disconnect
and on medicine in nursing homes
that that all just piles on of one another?
- Yeah, and the things that have become so obvious
with the COVID treatment
and the facts of natural immunity to the COVID
are revealing new things about how to offset aging
because the things that cause the atrophy of aging
predispose to the serious symptoms from the virus
and so for example, the low sartan
or the infodensin receptor blockers
that have been so effective against the symptoms of COVID
also offset many of the problems of aging,
nerve degeneration, Alzheimer's type things,
muscle frailty, osteoporosis, everything.
There's no distinction between the degeneration of aging
and the degeneration that kills you from a flu infection.
- Dr. Ray Peat, final question and then we'll let you go.
So in all of your experience being on this planet 83 years
and looking at this for 50 years or so,
do you think it's at all possible
that a safe and effective virus or this COVID-19,
whatever it is, could be available in the fall
or even early next year?
- A vaccine for it? - Yes, sir.
- No, has there ever been a safe and effective vaccine?
The whole issue of safety testing has been fraudulent.
The CDC disobeyed an order of Congress
in not doing safety studies
when they gave the pharmaceutical industry
immunity from damages caused by killing people
with bad vaccines.
When they gave them that immunity,
they were obligated by Congress to do safety testing
and report every two years.
For 30 years, they did absolutely nothing.
And the safety testing that has been done,
for example, if you think that the aluminum adjuvant
has been causing deaths and brain damage,
you would test it against a blank,
something for sure not containing aluminum,
but they used aluminum in the so-called placebo.
They used a toxic placebo to measure the toxicity
of the vaccine, deliberate, intentional fraud.
- So Bobby Kennedy and his group did a FOIA request
for safe and effective studies,
and they just turned up empty.
So you're suggesting that even for measles, mumps,
or rubella, there's never been safe and effective testing
does on these guys.
- And the same with flu vaccines.
- Flu vaccines, never.
And I think it's important to look at who
the US Public Health Service and the CDC is,
who they are, and who the organization has been,
what they've been doing historically.
During my lifetime, there have been just horrible,
incredible scandals that they managed to keep secret.
They said if some good organization found out about this,
there could be a lot of smoke.
For example, that they were infecting orphans
in Guatemala with syphilis as part of a secret experiment,
that they were covering up evidence of radiation damage
from nuclear accidents in experimental reactors
in the United States and from Three Mile Island.
They've been on the side of the offenders
keeping information from the public.
- Dr. Ray Peat, PhD, he's here on the third Monday
of every month.
Dr. Peat, thanks so much for your time once a month.
We really appreciate it.
Raypeet.com, and you can click on the link
and then it'll take you right to Raypeetnewsletter@gmail.com
if you'd like to sign up.
And they just send you an email
and then you work it out with the folks, right?
Who send you an email?
Raypeetnewsletter@gmail.com.
Dr. Peat, happy painting, and we'll talk to you next month.
Let us know if there's ever anything we can do for you
and help you get any additional information out.
We're always available.
We'd have you on any time.
- Okay, thank you.
- Thank you, sir.
Dr. Ray Peat, raypeetnewsletter.com.
What a wonderful find to have this gentleman available.
Thanks for all your great questions, boy.
You had some good ones today, baby, and we always do.
Okay, we have Dr. Christine Northrup,
who's quite an interesting lady.
Sharon has put up a nice video of her
on the front page of One Radio Network.
So come by tomorrow, we're gonna talk to her.
And then we're gonna dig into the world
of finance and geopolitics.
Paul Reiter, he says that five times in the last 90 years,
five times in the last 90 years,
let me see if I can read the whole thing,
elements of US power structure have tried
to house a sitting president without an election.
Five times, can you guess who those were?
You guess?
Five times.
And then Brandon Smith, he's quite a fascinating fellow.
I think his website is altmarkets.com.
Yeah, Brandon Smith, he'll be here on Wednesday.
Cool stuff coming up.
I love you all very much.
Thanks for your ongoing support.
Been an honor to be here with you.
We're getting closer, I think,
to having the video thing tracking every day.
So you can see the guests,
and yeah, we're making some headway with that.
So again, if I can do anything for you
during the week after the show,
Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com.
Love you all very much.
Thank you, and may the blessings be.
- We talk about your health, wealth, and well-being
on OneRadioNetwork.com.